oh hey what's up what's up so nice to
finally meet you
I've seen you comment on all my videos
on YouTube and Instagram but uh yeah
come on I'll show you around
oh yeah okay let's go I'll show you
around the campus so uh it's a night
here so right now we're around the
student dorms so that means it called
the gene this is basically where you're
gonna live I live in that building over
there yeah as you can see it's pretty
cool it's pretty cool we're gonna take a
nice stroll around the whole campus
actually around half the campus and then
tomorrow what are we gonna do is take a
day stroll around the other half and
then we'll go outside to the nearest
shopping center
which is where all the people hang out
all right this is gonna be like
completely unedited one power stroke
what me and you alright so over there is
the tennis courts so it's a lot of
people play tennis actually I don't know
why but people just like tennis here and
over here is where they do track and
field so you know
but um yeah
so this is where the awkward law starts
you know in the initial like ten minutes
of meeting there's always some awkward
pauses so I will just deal with it you
can enjoy the scenery as we walk walk
this way you know I actually should get
my microphone so you can hear me better
I didn't bring it no I thought I was
gonna use this microphone but I wanna
get the laughs microphone so you can
hear me better you know it's kind of
it's kind of hard to communicate when
you can't cure each other right so I
guess I'll show you my room but you've
probably already seen it if you have
seen my other videos right the dorm tour
look google play tennis
yeah so most people get around here it's
a big campus to get around on a bike but
you know we'll just do a little cardio
today
if I uh if I stay longer here I would
get a moped kill that's like the coolest
thing you can like Ryder your moped and
just like stop by is okay you wanna ride
papad I think I'm like and then like
your guy friend he just like hops on the
back and then you guys just drive away
that's actually the most romantic thing
I've done here so far it's right on ammo
bike with my book nom mobic right on a
moped with my guy friend and he's like I
got on so the first time I met my
exchange buddy it's like a Chinese local
person that shows you around I the first
time I met him he came outside of my
class 9 p.m. on his moped and then you
need to come closer stop walking away
from me you need to come closer
am i that scary um yeah basically he
came on his moped at 9 p.m. to pick me
up and then I was getting on so I was
like scooch back a little bit because I
didn't want to like you know press
against them first time meeting here
right so I'm like where should I put my
hands I feel kind of unsafe it's like
don't worry about it bro just just hold
on and I have it are you Kylie
and at that very moment I found an
instant connection that was my buddy
that was my first week here that was
like one of the first few friends I made
we have in Texas ever since then I don't
know what happened
maybe life got busy he didn't text me
back do you want local serious I'm
pretty busy yeah so it's April right now
it's considered spring but it kind of
feels more like summer because it's
starting to get really sunny and today
in the day it was basically like t-shirt
weather
you're so slow come on let's go all
right yeah but but just enjoy the view
around here look around
so yeah here's what I do I'll just go up
there to grab my microphone real quick
and I'll run right back okay I'll meet
you right back here stay hey what's up
to keep you waiting so long all right I
got my microphone we're ready to go but
you know what we should do that we
should get a bike so we can get around
the campus a little bit faster so the
thing with these bikes is that they're
ride-sharing so what that means is you
just like scan it with your phone and
then you can ride it anywhere how do you
unlock this one so um yeah we can get
writing okay let's go let's go let's go
let's go all right yeah this is fun
isn't it you're kind of struggling
aren't you yeah so this is a basketball
core people play basketball here from
like night to day you can just come the
weather is really nice and never know
you're really struggling are you gonna
fall you're gonna be okay are you sure
your your knee into the curb okay this
is a bumper cars okay all right all
right so it's not gonna oh yo that guy
just made a switch that's pretty cool
over there's more basketball you're
gonna be okay you're gonna be okay I
promise you
all right so oh my god oh my god okay
you're struggling you're just show over
there just show they're over there for
one second and then pan pan to the left
yeah there we go there we go okay that's
it that's it and then and then come back
to me okay focus a little bit all right
are you good you're good okay let's uh
let's do this slowly
okay so we struggle there a little bit I
hope you're gonna do okay now all right
if you want to survive here you got to
get the hang of biking so what am I
taking you I'm gonna take you over there
there's like a park area that's really
nice and a night there's this little a
night there's a bridge and this bridge
it goes along a river so Oh watch out
watch out speed bump oh that was okay I
was I was gonna say that was smooth and
then you ruin it last minute but
basically we're gonna go along this
bridge and there's like a river it's
kind of like Creek not a river but
there's trees dangling trees that just
blossomed and then there's lights I
don't know it's romantic it's really
romantic I think you're struggling too
much over there what we're gonna do is
let's just walk okay because I don't
think you can bike right now maybe
you're drunk
did you drink on the plane here what did
you do but um yeah we'll just take a
walk get some more cardio in and let's
go
also basically what happens when you're
done with this bike the best thing is
you leave it anywhere just lock it
I'm bam you're good
let's go all right let's go come on
let's go and over there you can see that
we have a soccer team our sports program
is actually pretty good you guys we got
a basketball team we got a soccer team
we got like hockey teams even and then
my team my roommate he plays cricket on
the cricket team
yep
that you know oh these are these are
actually the the real students storm the
local student dorms so basically the
local students have it way shittier than
us they have to share a single room like
imagine a single room that's not even
that big with four other people in a
single room and then they share a
washing with like 20 other people on
their whole fourth so each person gets
like a bunk bed but it's not a bunch so
top is a bed and then the bottom is
where they're studying and you know what
the worst part is they turn off Howard
at 12 p.m. twilit a.m. so that means
they can't even study anymore we don't
have it nearly as bad but we do turn off
hot water in our dorm at 12 p.m. so that
kind of sucks too well yeah
if you kind of get bored of walking what
you can do is just skip a lawn skip a
lawn and it will just uh you know we'll
get your next that's the nation a little
bit faster
oh come here come here
we almost died over there but this is a
quera this is one of the most
prestigious MBA classes its MBA
faculties in China it's called a
Schwartzman college
it's where like the what what is it
called the business MBAs go to study
just look at the rooms in there they're
so nice
everything's like furnished with the
wood and it's a mix of modern and
ancient history
just come on
and the best thing is what this is
actually the worst thing but uh they're
actually really really strict so I can't
even get in there there's security
guards at the front gate oh I'll show
you around so you know isn't it pretty
oh the best part it's a library over
there just look at it people studying
yeah okay you know let's go
do you hear that what is that it's not a
good frog
careful you can't ride a bike
I can't walk so we're pretty even yeah
you see that's a library I walked by
every single day I'm like one day I'll
be there I'm doing so much talking it's
like it's like you know everything about
me
tell me a little bit about yourself how
about you just type it down below in the
comment yeah tell me a little bit about
yourself where you from what do you like
to do basic questions and what else
what's what's your favorite thing to eat
yeah tell me down below oh yeah this is
where they sell bikes if you don't want
to use those ride-sharing bikes over
there but there's no point like the
right sharing bike it's only 20 um per
month it's pretty fun it's pretty pretty
solid deal
yeah basically like why I brought a map
if you can see on the map I'll just pull
it up on the screen over here but um
we're in the center right now almost in
the center so most of your classes are
gonna be over there it's called like a
learning building eight I mean for
learning building six school building
six but we're gonna go this way so over
here is where I eat pretty often
it's called chumphon you in the foods
not that good but it's just in the
middle of everywhere so after class I
come here usually oh my god what are
they doing was so loud
um yeah
so you know when you're walking like
this there's bound to be a lot of
silence
just let it land and you enjoy yourself
submerge yourself in your surroundings
and see what it's like what C words
really like to live here to study here
as a student because you're gonna be
here for a while right at least four
months so might as well get acquainted
right you're actually pretty lucky to
have me to show you around because on
the first few days I was completely lost
like I walked around and then ended up
in the same spot where I was because
this school is absolutely huge if you
were to walk from one side to the other
side Oh take you around like 45 minutes
to an hour that's why everyone bikes
yeah
[Music]
let's play a game let's play a game
let's play who can touch the tree first
oh are you gonna get it or am I gonna
get it
BAM I win I win I rescue to the next one
- you lose
or coming up near team fin UN Oh another
thing you should know when you first
come here you won't have a meal card so
you won't be able to eat at most
cafeterias or they call them canteens so
you have to come to chimpn UN to get
your meal card and then you won't be
hungry anymore I'll show you around
like I'll show you when we get there
yeah no that won't work on porno for me
Mom
the weather is so nice today it's
absolutely perfect perfect just perfect
for a nighttime stroll it's not too hot
it's not too cold two layers but it's
not bad and a light breeze and the air
quality is nice today it's not like the
other day where I checked the air
quality rating because when I walked out
the window I mean when I looked out the
window in the morning I literally
couldn't see like three feet up in front
of me so I checked the air quality
rating and basically Los Angeles is kind
of known for its light smog right that
air quality rating was sixty moderate
but Beijing that day it was 1116 so that
means it was over a hundred times more
polluted than Los Angeles I literally
felt like I was gonna die
oh by the way by the way over there if
you see over there like behind the tree
can you see that it's like behind the
tree over there yeah that that's where
you get your meal card oh and over there
is chimp in urine
yeah see you you enter through there and
then there's like an upstairs and then
there's another upstairs but that's only
for the teachers
let's walk over here this is uh when I
first came here it was February so it
was nearing the end of winter right all
these trees were completely dead
there were yellow brown disgusting but
now just in the past few days they're
all blooming because it's spring and
look at that it's absolutely stunning
it's gorgeous it's gorgeous
kind of looks like la by instead of palm
trees they got these configure asst
trees so it's all coniferous configure
as' coniferous yeah big leaves see I
know my science science pin yeah so this
is actually what they call the main road
this road is almost the center of
everything but it's not just like in the
day this was you know in the day you
imagine this all being filled with mice
you literally can't get around but it's
not bad
like the traffic is not bad yeah come on
and they have like events and stuff that
they post here we have a lot of talks
going on I want to attend one of them
but like I've been busy [ __ ] faster
is a focus okay
this is no who's not gonna turn out huh
yeah
no it's not desert it
you know what what you saw we'll just
take a run real quick this is getting
boring
so we'll just run to our bridge part
let's go you all right let's go let's go
come on this is this is this is my
favorite area right here you're gonna be
glad I took you here look at this
absolutely gorgeous
look over there tell me that doesn't
look nice try to take a real good look
real good look
yeah just take all that in this is a
school Wow hey hey hey what's up
when this be like a nice Instagram photo
yeah let's take a photo together all
right this is our first time together in
Shinhwa I hope you are having a great
night I am having a great night are you
tired I'm not tired but we did do a lot
of running but in Qing hua to get around
you're gonna have to do a lot of cardio
you know ever since I got here my legs
have gone so much bigger like I don't
normally do leg day right not at all but
uh after I got here I was forced to do
leg day so no it all works out I don't
have to do leg day anymore
all arms all chest no legs
look at this look at this
yeah
make sure you don't run into anyone let
me know if I do let me know if I'm
running into someone oh there's no one
behind me but uh yeah so you said you
were where you were coming from you told
me what you like to eat you also
what else did I ask you I forgot sorry
have bad memory but how are you telling
me this
I'm assuming that you like Chinese food
right I mean that's probably why you
come in China but tell me another reason
what made you choose Ching hua and why
would you want to come to China I think
this is like a deep question now right
we're getting deep
next time on dr. Guo I ask you all the
deep questions to reveal your
insecurities just tell me why are you
coming here why'd you choose this school
as always type it down below wait why
are you looking below I'm not I'm not
actually saying down below what are you
my eyes are up here
get away from me
I'm just kidding come let's go well we
actually got to a pretty interesting
area over there
that's an auditorium I watched my friend
Zubin she won a body competition over
the bodybuilding competition just two
days ago and over here is the library
it's the old library but the old library
is actually connected to a new library
because they just rebuilt it and they've
joined together because actually one of
the coolest places I've been to and then
you can basically walk from ancient
history to modern Chinua so I'll show
you let's go I think you should still be
open right let's go in you want to see
let's go come on come on come on faster
oh yeah there we go
you know you actually came around the
perfect time because right now the
weather is perfect the flowers are
blooming and people aren't that stressed
yet because it's not final season as you
can see over there I don't know what
those trees are but it kind of looks
like cherry blossoms and during the day
it's gorgeous absolutely gorgeous oh and
the best thing is the other day I bought
a kimono on the Internet on Taobao but a
kimono so I can match the cherry
blossoms maybe I'll wear tomorrow in our
day date together they date they date
they date
so yeah come on let's go
this is an old library
and when we go in we got to be a little
bit quiet because we gotta be respectful
other people studying right so maybe
I'll I'll just whisper to you we gotta
stay close to each other okay all right
let's go
so you need your security card let's go
can't film in there maybe we'll try a
different entrance who knows
all right let's go
that's fine don't worry about it I'll
show you uh well try to sneak in let's
go
where's other entrance it's over there
right yeah well I'm asking you you just
got here yeah yeah it's just a weird
coincidence that the security guard was
like smoking right there but next time
we'll go in discreetly and that will get
kick and then we'll get kicked out non
discreetly but that's okay at least we
got in right
okay
you see come here walk closer to me okay
like keep the system keep keep this
distance that's other entrance oh just
going first I'll see you in there don't
get lost
some people study
that's let's go upstairs okay I can
toward the security guard taking the
hard that's accurate
oh why is she going to know it let's
just get out let's get out all right
let's go let's go
get out of here all right come on let's
go Oh No what's that really worth it
I don't know maybe you got to see a
little bit of it right but the library
over there I don't think they're
connected but the library over there is
a lot nicer so yeah where should we go
now let's go let's head back over there
and I'll show you around
oh how about this let's go get crepes
claps yeah you like that idea right you
like that idea I know you like crepes
you like my French accent where's your
pal
won't say sorry I probably off energy if
you're French
are you French by the way Montreal or
actual France
yeah well go get claps you know since
your since your what am I saying I'm
getting flustered since it's your first
day here I'll uh I'll treat you how
about that you've been nice so far so
why not I'll treat you but you owe me
lunch where is this crap place let me
think for a second that way is it I
don't know
yeah it's that way no it's that way
I'm actually really lost well we're
we're back at where we were before
let me think real hard for a second oh
gotta walk back you know what before we
do that though let me show you I don't
know if you can see my video but uh my
intro to Chinua of how I made it into
Chinua University the Harvard of China
that intro was filmed over here so the
ancient architecture part where I'm
riding the bike I'll show you it's
actually really cool because it's a
giant ass grass field take a breath for
a second
I made it into Ching hua university the
Harvard of China but you know take a
deep breath
doesn't this smell nice like can't you
smell the flowers so nice
sometimes like just it's really good to
just stay present for a second you know
just what are you laughing stop laughing
you're making this into a staring
contest I'm gonna win okay
you laugh you lose I didn't laugh though
okay
yeah no cars here but I can't afford a
car so it's don't need to worry about
that yeah ah Nancy I'm taking you here
this is like like a destination because
it's a big grass field right but in
Canada that's everywhere
it's only a destination in China
yep yep yep yep yep
well this is it it's a bit dark I don't
know if you can see but uh
yeah and this is it have a look
that's it enjoy yourself wow it's all
dark look at this a little bit of green
there yep pretty cool pretty cool all
right you know what come on it's not
that interesting
that's uh let's let's go get crepes
we'll start running again because it's
quite far all right let's go try to keep
up this time all right I'm glad that you
kept up this time we got here we're here
this is uh this is a cafe but they like
it so crepes on till 12:00 so it's the
perfect spot you know we've been walking
on a lot so you know I'll treat you to
crepes careful what do you want sweet or
savory let's go for is sweet all right
chocolate okay
yeah well y'all shall judge how could he
shook ooh you can eat Shin Jima huh
chocolate bananas it's kind of like
Nutella right let's sit over there
here it's ah ha ha huh me kind of luck
laughter but uh you know what it would
do okay
dig in
you want to try yeah
no you can like
I mean saw the greatest crap I've ever
seen it's not cheating not even like top
30 crepes I've ever eaten
but it's the only crap they sell so you
have to deal with this
let me up
yeah
[Music]
yeah you like it it's not bad here you
go yeah I mean after what you just keep
keep eating don't worry about it I mean
like it was a long walk
a lot of running yeah got tired now what
about you a little bit yeah Oh what can
you do right so how you enjoying your
night so far yeah nice glad to see that
you're liking Ching hua I mean if you
don't like it kind of [ __ ] right oh
nice nice job there just drop the knife
onto the dirty as a wooden table guess
what just get infected with the diseases
what you're gonna get a cold oh nice
drop more things drop the crap drop it
off we don't need it yeah take my fork -
yeah
you're great
[Music]
why are you staring at me like that I
don't even know where to look now I'm
confused look over here look over there
I think I should look over here but I'm
uh I'm gonna move you oh my god you fit
you finished the whole thing come on you
didn't okay
you left us scrap for me oh that was on
the floor okay I'm not gonna eat that oh
my god are you really that hungry
come on but um you know what did you
have a good night at least you got to
know the campus a little bit right how
about we get out of here now
all right let's go let's move let's keep
moving I'll walk you home let's go this
way follow me closely or else you're
gonna get lost do you even know where
you went today I think even though I
lost my map even though like I showed
you a map like we went to uh let's see
where do we go
we started off ads the gene right and
then we went to Chumphon we went to the
chin fun food court and along the way we
pass by Schwartzman college and we uh
where else we passed by the football
fields the Baskerville fields the other
kind of football fields
the real football fields or if you're
American than the soccer fields and then
we we went on an adventure like a
romantic walk along the river and we
snuck into the library even though there
was nothing interesting there but we did
it just for fun and lastly we made some
chocolate banana crepes together
mediocre at best right what a fun time
so uh if you just follow me real quick
I'll show you how you get home just
follow me right follow me closely follow
me closely or else you're gonna get lost
okay stop
imma just leave you here now your home
is actually way over there but it's not
in this building your home is like ten
minutes away from here but you know what
I just leave you here I'm kidding but um
I want to I want to thank you for coming
out with me today you know it was a that
was a long walk together I hope you have
fun and let's uh I'll see you tomorrow
no not tomorrow I'll see you in a couple
days for our day date together right
well just go around a day and then we'll
go out of campus and actually explore
Beijing on our day date together yeah I
guess I'll see ya bye
don't get lost by
[Music]